Convergence chapter refactoring (#41)
the-teachingRSE-project/RSECurriculum4NaturalScience: index.qmd

the Simulation Software Engineering course [@Uekermann2021] at the University of Stuttgart,
or the Bachelor's and Master's program "Simulation Technology" from the Cluster
of Excellence "Data-Integrated Simulation Science (SimTech)" [@SimTech2019]

> for computer science students. In addition, there's experiences from teaching Research Software Engineering Courses at four German universities in different masters programs described by Bertrand et al. [@Bertrand2025].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for computer science students. In addition, there are experiences from teaching Research Software Engineering Courses at four German universities in different masters programs described by Bertrand et al. [@Bertrand2025].
```
expand and plural
